PRODDOCS-538: errorif (#8612)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/freshness.md

In the `freshness` block, one or both of `warn_after` and `error_after` can be provided. If neither is provided, then dbt will not calculate freshness snapshots for the tables in this source.

> - `warn_after`: Duration (for example, 12 hours) after which dbt raises a warning if the source data is stale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `warn_after`: Duration (for example, 12 hours) after which dbt raises a warning if the most recent available data is older than this threshold.
```

> - `error_after`: Duration (for example, 24 hours) after which dbt fails the freshness check if the source data is stale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error_after`: Duration (for example, 24 hours) after which dbt fails the freshness check if the most recent available data is older than this threshold.
```
